Update $domain modifier description (#1035)
AdguardTeam/AdguardKnowledgeBase: 01.general/02.how-to-create-your-own-ad-filters/docs.en.md

1) The request has `document` type
2) The rule's pattern doesn't match any particular domain(s)
3) The rule's pattern doesn't contain regular expressions
4) The $domain modifier contains only excluded domains (e.g., `$domain=~example.org|~example.com`)

> To perform a target domain matching the following predicate for the conditions should be satisfied: `1 AND ((2 AND 3) OR 4)`. That is, in case the `$domain` modifier contains only excluded domains, the rule doesn't need to meet 2nd and 3rd conditions to match a target domain against the `$domain` modifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following predicate should be satisfied to perform a target domain matching: `1 AND ((2 AND 3) OR 4)`. That is, if the modifier `$domain`  contains only excluded domains, then the rule does not need to meet the second and third conditions to match the target domain against the modifier `$domain`.
```

Author: Added suggestion
